---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "decort_kvmvm Data Source - terraform-provider-decort"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# decort_kvmvm (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **compute_id** (Number) ID of the compute instance. If ID is specified, name and resource group ID are ignored.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **name** (String) Name of this compute instance. NOTE: this parameter is case sensitive.
- **network** (Block Set, Max: 8) Network connection(s) for this compute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network))
- **rg_id** (Number) ID of the resource group where this compute instance is located.
- **started** (Boolean) Is compute started.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- **account_id** (Number) ID of the account this compute instance belongs to.
- **account_name** (String) Name of the account this compute instance belongs to.
- **boot_disk_id** (Number) This compute instance boot disk ID.
- **boot_disk_size** (Number) This compute instance boot disk size in GB.
- **cloud_init** (String) Placeholder for cloud_init parameters.
- **cpu** (Number) Number of CPUs allocated for this compute instance.
- **description** (String) User-defined text description of this compute instance.
- **driver** (String) Hardware architecture of this compute instance.
- **extra_disks** (Set of Number) IDs of the extra disk(s) attached to this compute.
- **image_id** (Number) ID of the OS image this compute instance is based on.
- **image_name** (String) Name of the OS image this compute instance is based on.
- **os_users** (List of Object) Guest OS users provisioned on this compute instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--os_users))
- **ram** (Number) Amount of RAM in MB allocated for this compute instance.
- **rg_name** (String) Name of the resource group where this compute instance is located.

<a id="nestedblock--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Required:

- **net_id** (Number) ID of the network for this connection.
- **net_type** (String) Type of the network for this connection, either EXTNET or VINS.

Optional:

- **ip_address** (String) Optional IP address to assign to this connection. This IP should belong to the selected network and free for use.

Read-Only:

- **mac** (String) MAC address associated with this connection. MAC address is assigned automatically.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **default** (String)
- **read** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--os_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `os_users`

Read-Only:

- **guid** (String)
- **login** (String)
- **password** (String)
- **public_key** (String)


