---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "decort_k8s Resource - decort"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# decort_k8s (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `k8sci_id` (Number) ID of the k8s catalog item to base this instance on.
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `rg_id` (Number) Resource group ID that this instance belongs to.
- `wg_name` (String) Name for first worker group created with cluster.

### Optional

- `extnet_id` (Number) ID of the external network to connect workers to. If omitted network will be chosen by the platfom.
- `masters` (Block List, Max: 1) Master node(s) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--masters))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `workers` (Block List, Max: 1) Worker node(s) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workers))

### Read-Only

- `default_wg_id` (Number) ID of default workers group for this instace.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubeconfig` (String) Kubeconfig for cluster access.
- `lb_ip` (String) IP address of default load balancer.

<a id="nestedblock--masters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `masters`

Required:

- `cpu` (Number) Node CPU count.
- `disk` (Number) Node boot disk size in GB.
- `num` (Number) Number of nodes to create.
- `ram` (Number) Node RAM in MB.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--workers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workers`

Required:

- `cpu` (Number) Node CPU count.
- `disk` (Number) Node boot disk size in GB.
- `num` (Number) Number of nodes to create.
- `ram` (Number) Node RAM in MB.


